# crop-prediction-using-python
crop predictor for desire land
The farmers can gain a huge amount of knowledge and assistance so that their problems can be solved. The farmers are guided with the help of our website to make them understand what seeds will help them produce higher yields and more profit.
As a result, accurate data on the history of climatic conditions is critical for making crop selection decisions. The seed data of the crops is collected here with the appropriate parameters like temperature, humidity, and moisture content, which helps the crops achieve a successful growth. The users are encouraged to enter parameters like temperature and the PH value of the soil, nitrogen content, and their location, which will be taken automatically in this application to start the prediction process. We have implemented the K-Nearest Neighbour algorithm to get better and more accurate results.
 We have implemented several algorithms and combinations of algorithms to get good prediction accuracy and results. The data set that we have used is completely pre-processed to avoid prediction errors. Once the crop is foretold, it will facilitate the farmers to predict the affordable crop for their individual land. Then, the farmers are guided with the help of our website in order to make them to understand that what seeds will help them to produce higher yields and more profit. Within the past preceding data, crop prediction was calculated by analysing farmer's previous expertise on climatic condition. So, the correct data regarding history of climatic condition is a vital factor for creating selections in choosing crops. Our system will suggest the farmers with effective solutions for more profitable cultivation.
